feat: blockscout docs (#31)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/toolkit/ansible-avalanche-collection/tutorials/subnet-explorer.md

---
sidebar_position: 8
---

> # Subnet Block Explorer

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `Blockchain Explorer`?

Reviewer: Btw same for the faucet

Author: We can name the sections "Blockchain Explorer" and "Faucet" if you prefer but I thinks it's better to advertise these as "Subnet Blockchain Explorer" and "Subnet Faucet" for SEO

Reviewer: When I think about it the Faucet can target multiple blockchains so it is okay to keep `Subnet Faucet`. I prefer `Subnet Blockchain Explorer` yes

Author: Renamed file and section in the latest commit

> In this section, we will learn how to use the `ash.avalanche.blockscout` role to deploy an [Blockscout](https://www.blockscout.com/) instance over an EVM blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we will learn how to use the `ash.avalanche.blockscout` role to deploy a [Blockscout](https://www.blockscout.com/) instance for an EVM blockchain.
```
